♪ MTV ♪
[man breathing deeply]
[deep breathing continues]
[insect buzzing]
[man]
I need to go to the bathroom.
[speaks Spanish]
[man sighs]
[man]
Tengo que ir al baño.
[chuckles]
[speaking Spanish]
[sighs]
Listen, I got to piss, okay?
You want me
to piss my fucking pants?
I'm about to piss
my fucking pants, all right?
[grunts]
[coyotes yipping distantly]
[coyotes continue yipping]
[door clatters opens]
[sighs heavily]
[speaks Spanish]
[speaking Spanish]
[man]
Fuck me.
[gun clatters]
[sighs, clears throat]
You say you own this land.
We have the rights.
No.
We own this land.
You own the surface,
which you purchased
from Daniel Piersall,
and Daniel Piersall's father
sold the mineral rights in 1993
to the Permian Basin Trust,
who subcontracted the rights
to Meridian Oil,
which was
bought by Conoco Phillips,
and sold to M-TEX Oil,
who only recently
discovered the rights.
We don't want your oil here.
Well, wish in one hand,
shit in the other,
see which one fills up first.
Maybe I slice you from your
huevos to your throat
and hang you from a bridge.
Huh?
See if oil companies come then.
Well, first they'll hire
Halliburton to build files
on you fucking assholes
that the FBI
only dreams about having.
Then they'll send
30 Tier 1 operators
from Triple Canopy, and they'll
bust you like a fucking piñata.
And if any of you dipshits
do make it back to Mexico,
they'll blow your fucking
house up with a drone.
With your family in it.
It costs six million
to put in a new well.
They're putting in 800
right fucking here.
That's 4.8 billion in pumpjacks.
They'll put in another billion
on water
and housing and trucking.
At $78 a barrel,
that's 6.4 million a day.
For the next 50 fucking years.
So, yeah,
the oil company's coming.
So, they send you
to tell us fuck off?
They sent me
to negotiate a surface lease.
And we'll build you
a nice all-weather road
that leads to our oil wells
and to the highway.
And a few others,
if you need them.
He's gonna build us a road.
[man]
Hey, here's the deal,
and it's the only deal:
You don't fuck with our product,
we don't fuck with yours.
Because if you do,
we'll put in a DEA substation
right across the fucking street.
We got a deal?
We got a deal.
Surface lease agreement's
in there.
Signature pages are marked.
Now, we'll need an address
for the surface lease payment
and the damage reimbursements.
Damage?
Yeah.
We'll pay you
for the damage to the land
we built your roads on
and the pads for our pumpjacks.
You pay me?
Yeah, we pay you.
Mm, strange business.
[man]
Same as yours.
No, I don't think so.
[man]
You sell a product
that your customers
are dependent on.
Yes.
It's the same.
Ours is just bigger.
[clippers clatter]
[Jimenez]
Vámonos.
[door slams shut]
- [sighs]
- [vehicle doors open, close]
- ♪ quiet, dramatic music
- [engines starting]
***
[vehicles departing]
Oil and Gas Industry makes
$3 billion dollars a day
in pure profit.
Generates over $4.3 trillion
dollars a year in revenue.
It is the seventh largest
industry in the world,
ranked ahead of food production,
automobile production,
coal mining,
and at 1.4 trillion,
the pharmaceutical industry
doesn't even crack the top ten.
The industries listed
ahead of oil and gas
are completely dependent on
oil and gas.
The more they grow,
the more we grow.
That's the scale.
That's the size of this thing.
And it's only getting bigger.
This fucking job.
[beer opens]
But before
any of that money is made,
you gotta get the lease.
You gotta secure the rights
and lock up the surface.
Then babysit the owners,
babysit the crews.
[belches]
Then manage the police
and the press
when the babies
refuse to be sat.
That's my job.
Secure the lease,
then manage the people.
First part's pretty simple.
It's the second part
that can get you killed.
***
♪ gentle music ♪
[birds chirping]
[wind whistling]
[plane engines whirring]
[engine buzzing loudly]
♪ tense, dramatic music ♪
***
[truck horn blaring]
What the--
[horn blaring]
[tires screeching]
♪ quiet, dramatic music ♪
[engine idling]
***
[flames whooshing]
♪ contemplative acoustic guitar
music ♪
[sniffs sharply]
Come on.
[sniffs]
[sighs]
***
[low chattering]
[vehicle doors closing]
[low chattering continues]
[man whistles]
[man]
You baby Norris?
- Cooper.
- Nah.
I think baby's better.
Get in.
[Xavi's "La Diabla" with
Spanish lyrics playing on radio]
***
[men speaking Spanish]
- [speaking Spanish]
- [laughter]
[speaking Spanish]
[men continue speaking Spanish]
***
♪ "No Vacancy"
by Treaty Oak Revival ♪
Three black coffees?
Oh, you got another one
in there.
You want something, sugar?
Uh...
[chuckles]
I can have that effect.
Do you like black coffee,
or a little bit of milk
in there?
I'll take, uh...
Yeah, actually some milk.
Can I have a latte?
- What the fuck?!
- [Elvio] A what?
You just order
a fucking latte? What?
- [Abilene] An aristocrat.
- What?
Don't normally make lattes
till the bankers wake up.
We don't have time to wait
for a fucking latte.
Why the fuck do you need
a latte, bro?
- I-- I just ordered--
- He's asking her to make
- the most complicated shit, man.
- We got to get to work.
- Sorry.
- "Sorry."
You want to ask for
a continental breakfast?
- I--
- What the fuck is your problem?
***
- [horns honking]
- [angry shouting]
- Oh, here we go.
- Here it comes.
[horns honking]
The white kid ordered a latte!
Great job, man. First day.
[angry shouting
and honking continue]
That'll be 27, sweetie.
[honking continues]
[Armando]
Unreal.
This is for you, darling.
♪ Said she'll call me
round half past eight ♪
♪ Been a damn long day,
don't wait up too late... ♪
[Armando] Hey, if you're gonna
work the patch
you got to learn
how to drink it black,
'cause everything we do
is on the fucking go.
I just don't like
the way it tastes.
Ain't about the taste, son,
it's about the fuel.
Six hours from now
when you need a jolt,
you can't drink
that curdled milk.
Be throwing up
all over my truck.
[chuckles] You don't want
to throw up in his truck.
In fact, give me that.
Yeah, give that shit--
***
[Luis] Your father said to
make you into a roughneck.
May as well start now.
[sighs]
♪ Well, the world is
on its head ♪
♪ And I thank my lucky stars
that I ain't dead ♪
♪ I spend my whole life
in the red ♪
♪ And I done my best
to keep my family fed ♪
♪ So when I lay
my burdens down ♪
♪ Keep my debts
out of your mind ♪
♪ Just for a while ♪
♪ All my troubles
and my trials ♪
♪ They lay scattered
on the trail ♪
♪ For miles and miles... ♪
All right, Monday,
let's see what you got.
♪ I been paying my whole life ♪
♪ Trying hard to find the blame
for all my strife ♪
♪ I been burning
through my check ♪
♪ And I never felt the gold
around my neck... ♪
[song continues over speakers]
- How was the night?
- [laughs]
H.R.-- they stopped to ask
for gang affiliations.
So now I got this drilling crew
that's half Bloods,
half Crips, who decided
to have a gunfight
in the fucking man camp
last night.
You can't wear straw.
It ain't Easter yet.
It's gonna be 95 today.
I'd say that's Easter enough,
wouldn't you?
Goddamn it, Dale.
- [door closes]
- [microwave beeps]
How many times am I gonna
have to tell you
to pour the beans
in a fucking bowl?
You burn up a microwave a week
putting them fucking cans
in there.
- Tastes different in a bowl.
- No, they don't.
They taste exactly
the fucking same.
Mm-mm, taste different.
Well, shit,
I guess cowboy culture
is out the fucking window
with you two, huh?
You see a cowboy in this room,
you point him out.
- [microwave door opens]
- [Nathan groans]
When's your hitch done?
- Today. Mm.
- [Nathan] Thank God.
- Be at the courthouse by 11:00.
- Yeah.
- [phone buzzing]
- Not 11:30, 11:00.
Yes, sir.
Hello?
- What?
- [microwave beeping]
- [Nathan] What?
- How-how far?
Just send me a pin.
I'm on the way. All right.
On your way where?
You're gonna have
to depose me tomorrow.
It has to be today, Tommy.
These sons of bitches
are so far up my ass,
they're staring at the back
of my tonsils.
Well, it's gonna have
to be tomorrow,
'cause I think I found
our plane.
You guys lost a plane?
How the fuck you lose a plane?
[snickers]
[Tanner Usrey's "Take Me Home"
playing]
***
[news anchor] ...prices are up
with the national average,
reaching $3.86.
News of maintenance
work at both Valero and Tesoro
refineries scheduled for May
has sparked fears of
a summer gasoline shortage.
Yeah, ask 'em why they're
doing maintenance in May, Kate.
OPEC meets next week to discuss
an increase in production.
[laughs]
No, they're not.
They're gonna cut production, honey.
They're gonna take oil
to a hundred.
Who the hell is your
shitty source, anyway?
Although some insiders fear
a cut in production...
Well, look at the brain on Kate.
You keep listening
to your insiders.
You may figure this game out.
What in the fucking hell?
Call Nate.
[phone buzzing]
Is it our plane?
[Tommy]
Yeah, it looks like it.
- Where is it?
- In about a thousand pieces
out here on the road we built
by the Pyote field.
- Hey, let me call you back.
- Should I call Fort Worth?
Yeah, somebody should.
[Tanner Usrey's "Take Me Home"
playing over radio]
Quite a mess.
You ain't seen the mess yet.
Can I leave my truck here?
- It's your road.
- [turns off engine, music stops]
FAA says you reported
this plane stolen.
[Tommy]
Yeah, six weeks ago.
And you didn't feel like
you needed to report that to me?
Well, if you were
the fucking airplane police,
I would have, Walt,
but since you're not,
I called the airplane police.
It's their job to call you,
not mine.
Well, they didn't.
Well, I don't know
what to tell you.
That's the federal government
for you.
What's all this?
[Walt] One of 75 reasons
you should have called me
the second
that plane went missing.
- Cocaine?
- Maybe.
Maybe heroin.
Where's the pilot?
Cooking in the cockpit.
I got DEA and FAA
sending HAZMAT crews
down here to pull him out.
Stay upwind of that shit.
It'll kill you
quicker than a bullet.
That's a TTP truck.
Yep.
What the fuck's
it doing on our road?
He's probably gonna ask you
the same thing about that plane.
Did you report it stolen
to your insurance company?
You know how this shit works.
Trucks and excavators
and all kinds of shit
go missing every day.
And then a couple months later,
they find their way back.
If I reported everything
that was stolen around here,
the whole fucking Permian Basin
would be a crime scene.
Goddamn it.
I got 4,200 barrels of oil
I got to move
out of here every day.
Not on this road.
Not for a while.
I'm gonna need some love
on this deal, Walt.
What kind of love?
The kind that backdates
a police report.
For God sakes, Tommy.
The FAA was aware.
They dropped the ball.
Just use the date
that I gave them,
and match it, that's all.
You know how many eyes
are gonna be on this thing?
The kind with a "G"
on their license plate.
I ain't backdating nothing.
Okay, in today's report,
just note that FAA
was notified last month.
Can you do that?
It's the fucking truth, Walt.
I'll put it in my report.
All right, in all caps, please.
[Tommy] Hey, I'm gonna need
a road crew out here.
I'm gonna drop you a pin.
Need a half a mile detour
around an incident site.
Hey, Walt, can we build a road
around on that side over there,
so we can elbow
around this shit?
- Over there?
- Yeah.
Over there where the dead body
and the drugs are? No.
Okay, well, how about
that side over there?
Is there any dead bodies
and dope over there?
[Walt]
Haven't looked over there yet.
[Tommy] Well, how about
we fucking go look then?
Shit.
Well, I don't see
any dead drug dealers over here.
Not any dead guys here,
not any dope--
Fuck.
[insects buzzing]
Walt?
There's a dead son of a bitch
over here.
- Yo!
- [man] Sir?
- Come tape it off.
- [Tommy] Hey, I'm back.
Listen, we're gonna need
enough caliche for about a mile
to get us around
this fucking mess.
So I want you to start right now
and don't stop till you're done.
Run 'em all night.
All right.
I wouldn't want to have
your job this week.
Shit, you wouldn't want
to have my job any week, Walt.
♪ somber music ♪
***
Call Monty Miller.
[sinister ringtone playing]
Great.
Well, it looks like it's gonna
be Monday all day today.
Actually, it won't be Monday
once today, Tommy.
It's Friday.
It can't be Friday.
I just got here yesterday.
March first, you switched
to a Friday through Tuesday.
If you would look at me,
you would see the calendar.
If you looked at me,
we'd still be married.
Well, I'm going down the highway
at 80 miles an hour.
If I looked at you,
I'd probably die.
That was a pretty big truck,
wasn't it?
Okay, it's Friday.
You have Ainsley.
- Ainsley?
- Yeah, it's your weekend.
You just told me my weekend
is Wednesday and Thursday.
Yours is, but the rest
of the world
takes Saturday and Sunday off.
That world includes
me and your daughter.
Victor and I are going to Cabo
and I can't leave Ainsley
alone in this house.
Honey,
she's 17 fucking years old.
Have you seen her new boyfriend?
Goddamn it. Hold on,
I'm pulling over.
Look at this kid.
I mean, she could get pregnant
from the fucking photograph.
Okay, I see your point.
Do you trust her driving to you?
To Odessa?
- Yeah.
- Are you shittin' me?
[semitruck horn blares]
Have her go to Meacham.
I'll put her on the flight
with the engineers.
Okay...
You changed your hair color.
Yeah, the redhead experiment
is over.
Well, I always preferred
your natural color,
to tell you the truth.
Baby, you've never seen
my natural color.
So what time are you
and Vernon going to--
- Victor.
Uh, what time are y'all
leaving for Cabo?
Not till tonight.
Well, how come you'd be
dressed that way
at 8:00 in the morning, then?
You think this is dressed up?
Uh, yeah, I do. And so do you.
Do you like it?
Yes, I do like it.
You see, one of life's
great pleasures
is showing you
what you're missing.
You don't have to show me
to know, honey.
I already know.
How's our baby?
Uh, it's his first day.
First days ain't easy.
Another Norris in the oil patch.
What a waste.
Wasn't my idea.
Apple don't fall far, does it?
Well, you're half of the tree,
in case you forgot, darlin'.
Anyway, just get her
at the airport there
by 3:00, all right?
Or fuckin' hang up on me,
either way.
♪ solemn acoustic guitar music ♪
***
[man]
The way I got started in this,
I was working in West Texas
as a petroleum engineer
and I decided that it was time
to have a little adventure
in life.
And I answered this one
particular advertisement
to go to work
for a company in Libya
as a field petroleum engineer.
My Arabic friends
used to laugh at me
because I would speak Arabic
with a Texas accent.
And it was hard for them
to understand my Arabic,
even though I was
speaking the true words.
Things were going along
pretty well until 1967.
There was the Arab/Israeli War.
And we could certainly see
that the Arab view
of us expatriates
was beginning to dim.
[Chubby]
I will tell you what.
I am about done
with looking north of I-20.
I sunk three wells last week.
I didn't even hit water.
It's because there ain't
any water north of I-20.
More than there is south of it.
- [Monty] What county?
- Stonewall.
Shit, they been sucking that oil
for a hundred years.
Frack the ones
that are going dry
and get the hell out.
Besides, what are you
gonna do with three wells?
- That's where my minerals are.
- [phone buzzing]
[chuckles]
Should've bought the basin
after Covid hit.
No, I don't play that big.
We were buying 100 sections
for five cents on the dollar.
That ain't big, that's smart.
There ain't no new oil to be
found in that rocky red dirt.
- [phone buzzing]
- Shit. This ain't gonna be good.
Give me a second, boys.
[Chubby]
Yeah, go ahead, Mon.
Hey, let me get somewhere quiet.
♪ quiet, dramatic music ♪
All right, how bad?
[Tommy]
That's a tricky one to answer.
Is it something you and Nate
can handle?
Well, they're gonna hit you
from three directions.
The insurance company,
victims' families and TTP.
All right, well,
I'll handle TTP.
Who's the best litigation firm
in Midland?
Well, they won't file here,
they'll file in Houston.
First one to hire
Shepherd-Hastings wins.
Who do you like over there?
Clay Chandler is an assassin.
You want me to call him?
No, I'll call him, you just keep
this shit out of the news.
[Tommy laughs]
This is the patch, Monty.
An airplane full of drugs
being run over by an oil tanker
ain't news,
that's just another Monday.
Yeah, well,
it ain't Monday, Tommy.
It's Monday to me.
[Cooper moans nervously]
[grunting]
[panting]
What's he supposed
to be checking?
Tucker valve.
What the fuck is a Tucker valve?
First day on the job.
Motherfucker, I can't have
Tommy Norris's son
dying on my pad--
get him down from there.
All right, I'll do it right now.
You got to go
right up at the top!
- Like that?
- [chuckling]
I don't see it!
You got to go higher!
[grunting]
[Armando]
Higher!
[Cooper]
I don't see any valve!
I remember when you
did this shit to me.
Almost shit my pants.
You did shit your pants.
Higher!
[quietly]
Oh, fuck.
[frustrated groan]
- I don't see the valve!
- No? You don't see the gauge?
No! No gauge!
Oh, you know what?
Never mind, it's down here.
Oh, what the fuck.
[chuckling]
[Cooper]
So I can come down?
[Armando] What, are you gonna
stay up there all day?
Gets your ass down here!
Oh, shit.
Whoa!
- Oh, shit.
- Nah--
[panting, grunting]
This kid is gonna fuckin' die.
Hey, kid!
Take your time!
Go, go, go, go, go.
Shit.
[exhales]
[groans]
Oh, fuck. Oh, fuck.
- He's stuck.
- He's gonna be fine.
[shivering, moaning]
[Elvio]
Hey.
[Cooper moans]
Why you so scared, man?
You got a harness on.
You're wired, all right?
Yeah.
- You good?
- Uh-huh.
Look at me.
Get your feet set first.
- Come on.
- [slow exhale]
Then one hand, then the other.
[Cooper] Okay. Okay.
[Elvio] Three points of contact.
- Three points of contact.
- Yeah, yeah, at all times.
- Okay, okay.
- Okay?
Let's head down.
- Okay.
- Ain't got all day.
[panting]
Sh-Shit.
♪ slow, intense music ♪
***
[Elvio]
You're good, man. Almost there.
[grunting, panting]
[Elvio]
You good or what? what happened?
[pained grunting]
Holy shit, bro.
All right, let's go.
- You dumbass. Come on.
- [groans]
Let me see that hand.
Okay, rinse it.
There's a first-aid kit
in the field office.
Wrap it.
So the gauge was down here
the whole time?
Wait a minute, were you guys
fuckin' with me?
Yes. First day, man.
Gonna happen.
- Yeah. [laughing]
- [Luis] Hey, come on.
Go on!
Welcome to the patch.
[Luis]
You did good, son.
You did good. [chuckles]
♪ "Everlasting Lover"
by 49 Winchester ♪
♪ Everlasting lover ♪
♪ I got a lot
I want to say to you ♪
♪ Well, you make me
feel less lonesome ♪
♪ Then I ever used to ♪
♪ Everlasting lover ♪
♪ Honey, it ain't
that I want to ♪
♪ Oh, but sometimes
the pain takes over ♪
♪ And I'll just slip through ♪
♪ When I get stoned
and I feel rejected ♪
♪ Weary from the road
and half beaten down... ♪
[indistinct chatter]
Your day about to start
or just end?
I'm in the middle of mine.
All right, which you want?
Breakfast, supper?
How come you ain't got
a lunch menu?
Because there ain't no such
thing as lunch in the patch.
Truer words, Ellie.
- Dinner.
- All right.
And can you drink beer
in the middle?
I don't see why not.
It's Friday for somebody.
All right, I'll bring you
a pitcher.
Thanks.
[Patrick]
Want to order a pitcher?
[Tommy]
Ah, already did.
If Ultra's okay with you.
Oh, a Michelob man, huh?
Yeah, well, two million
team ropers can't be wrong.
[Patrick sighs]
We got to get paid
on this fire deal, Tommy.
You burned up 8,000 acres.
We're sitting on
a $300,000 loss.
I didn't burn up anything.
The fire burned it.
Started by a faulty switch
in your pump jack.
And spread by
50-mile-an-hour winds.
It's got "act of God"
written all over it.
If it hadn't been for that wind,
that thing don't spread
past 50 meters.
Listen, M-TEX has been
a good partner.
That's why we didn't join
that class action.
But we suffered real damages
and we need to be reimbursed.
Boys, boys, boys.
We eatin' or just arguin'?
- Just arguing now, honey.
- [Ellie] All right.
Listen, if we pay
for surface damages,
we're admitting fault.
- You are at fault.
- Well, so are you.
It started on
your client's land.
And they got a fire crew
over there.
They didn't stop it,
they didn't even try.
We'll sign an NDA.
'Cause that's worth
the paper it's printed on?
Listen, we will not let you
drill another well
until this is handled.
Okay, how about this:
I pay you $300,000,
but it's for a solar lease.
[chuckles]
Our client doesn't want solar
on the ranch.
We don't sell solar panels,
we're a fucking oil company.
But I can justify payment
on solar rights or wind.
What time period
you talking about?
I don't give a shit.
Make it six months.
I just don't want
to have to pay you damages.
I think I can make that fly.
I don't see why you couldn't.
That's easier than selling pussy
at a men's prison.
I find that offensive, sir.
To who, the pussy
or the prisoners?
- [clears throat]
- I find it difficult
to do business
with people who offend me.
Well, you see,
we're not in business together.
We lease your mineral rights,
and in exchange for that,
we pay you $2 and a half
million dollars a year.
And maintain your roads
and dig your stock tanks.
So, don't delude yourself
into thinking you're a rancher.
You're an oilman who spends
the money we give you on cattle.
If it hadn't been for us,
your family would have lost
that ranch in the '50s.
So, you just say "Thank you,"
take the $300,000 for the grass,
and then I keep sending you
$200,000 checks every month.
But don't you dare pretend
that I offend you.
You smile and say,
"I'll take it."
Very good offer.
I recommend you take it.
I'll take it,
but I ain't smiling.
[laughs softly]
I guess not.
It takes a check
to make you do that, don't it?
[Desmond]
I can't wait for the day
when you and everyone like you
leaves this place.
You might want
to think that through.
'Cause if I'm gone,
that means the oil's gone,
and if the oil's gone,
that means the money's gone,
and that means you're gone.
We'll write it up,
get it to you next week.
[sighs]
Now are we eating?
I guess I'm eating alone now.
Oh, baby. What can I get you?
♪ slow, hopeful music ♪
***
Daddy!
- [laughs] Baby.
- Hi!
[laughs] You get prettier
every day, little angel.
You didn't drink them out
of those little Tito's bottles,
- did you?
- Daddy, of course not.
Your engineers did that.
Well, they have the practice.
I want you to meet my boyfriend.
Your mother didn't say anything
about the boyfriend coming.
'Cause you know Mommy.
The less she knows the better.
She's such a helicopter parent.
- I don't know what that means.
- Just hovering
and hovering and hovering, always.
Daddy, meet Dakota.
[Dakota]
Mr. Norris.
- Pleasure, sir.
- Yeah, good to meet you.
Dakota? What's your last name?
Loving, sir.
"Dakota Loving."
You can't make that shit up.
Let's go.
[Treaty Oak Revival's "Boomtown"
playing]
So windy.
***
♪ Well, my trailer looks
like a liquor store ♪
♪ Or maybe one
that just got robbed ♪
♪ And, well,
I've got every bottle ♪
♪ You can think of, honey... ♪
So, what would you kids
like to do tonight?
Well, do you have a car
we could borrow?
No, I don't.
What about this one?
This one's mine.
[quietly]
Okay.
♪ I can't remember
what I said... ♪
We could watch the spring game.
Yeah, Dakota's
a football fanatic.
Well, not a,
not a fanatic, honey.
A phenom.
[Ainsley laughs]
Oh, sorry, baby. Phenom.
He's a phenom.
You know, he made ESPN's top 50.
- Is that so?
- Mm-hmm.
Did you pick a school yet?
Uh, Alabama.
Little far from Tech, isn't it?
Well, I applied to Alabama
as soon as Dakota
accepted their offer.
It's just a tough school
to get into.
Uh, but I, you know,
I talked to Coach Saban,
told him how much
I wanted her there.
I play better
when she's watching me.
You know
Coach Saban retired, right?
What?
- Uh... no. No.
- Did he retire?
That's rumors.
You know, maybe we should
go to this game.
- Did you talk to him?
- Yeah, yeah. He--
Yeah, let's go to the game.
♪ The next day,
'cause there ain't no rest... ♪
[marching band playing]
[crowd cheering]
Go! Go! Go! Go!
[quarterback]
Hike!
- [whistle blowing]
- [referee speaks indistinctly]
[indistinct announcement
over speakers]
[marching band continues
playing]
***
[whistle blowing]
[crowd cheering]
That son of a bitch
is a celebrity.
[whistle blowing]
[Ainsley]
If I don't get into Alabama,
I'm gonna die, Daddy.
I swear to God, I'm gonna die.
You're not gonna die.
I'll die.
Are you two having sex?
Daddy.
- Well, I had to ask.
- Of course.
And that's what I get
for asking.
Are you being careful?
We have a rule
and we stick to it.
I'm gonna regret
asking you this,
but what is this rule?
As long as he never comes in me,
he can come anywhere on me.
I'm gonna go get a Dr. Pepper.
You want anything?
No.
Thanks for being so cool, Daddy.
I could never tell Mama
these kind of things.
[marching band playing]
***
[indistinct announcement
over speakers]
- [Tommy] Can I get a Dr. Pepper?
- Yes.
You got any bourbon back there?
Sir?
Never mind.
- Rough day?
- You could say that.
I got some pot gummies
if you want. No charge.
Oh, that's real sweet
of you, honey,
but I think
I'm gonna pass on that.
How much do I owe you?
That'll be four, please.
[Tommy]
Four?
There you go.
And keep that for yourself.
Appreciate it.
[phone buzzing]
Hello.
He survived.
How'd he do?
Green, real green.
but don't say no, and he tries.
I mean, that's something.
Waste of a college degree,
if you ask me.
Well, nobody's asking you.
Nobody's asking me, either.
Like father like son,
if you know what I mean.
No one knows better.
I got a truckload
of "father like son."
That's why I put him with you,
to keep him out of trouble.
- I'll do my best.
- All right.
I'll talk to you later.
[crowd cheering]
[indistinct announcement
over speakers]
Are you shitting me?
This pretty son of a bitch
with his giant hand
on my daughter's ass?
- What did you just say?
- What?
Are you talking about my ass?
No, I'm talking about that guy
grabbing my daughter's ass
in front of the whole world.
Oh, my gosh,
that's Dakota Loving.
You've got to be shitting me.
♪ slow, somber music ♪
***
[Elvio]
Cooper.
This is your pod.
[grunts softly, sniffs]
Hey, uh, what you got
going on for supper?
I-I don't know.
You got food in there?
I'll probably just drive
back to town.
Close the door.
[rock playing on stereo]
[TV playing indistinctly]
[speaking Spanish]
[Elvio speaking Spanish]
[Armando speaking Spanish]
[both speaking Spanish]
Thank you.
Say "gracias."
[speaks Spanish]
Gracias.
[Armando]
You need to learn Spanish
'cause I'm not speaking
English all fucking day.
- Okay.
- All right?
This is "cerveza."
Yes. Cerveza. I know cerveza.
All right, all right. Parrilla.
- Parrilla.
- Yeah, and that's carne.
- Carne.
- Yeah.
And when-when
you're drinking a beer,
you say,
"Estoy tomando una cerveza."
"Estoy t-tomando una cerveza"?
And when you're eating a taco,
you say,
"Estoy comiendo un taco
lleno de verga."
- "Estoy..."
- [Luis] No, no, no.
- Don't say that.
- No... [laughs]
[Armando]
Okay, okay, okay, okay.
You just say,
"Estoy comiendo un taco."
- Estoy comiendo un taco.
- Okay, you got it.
And you know, if I ask you
something in English,
just ask me
how to say it in Spanish
and you'll be bilingual
in a month.
- Okay.
- All right.
[upbeat ringtone playing]
[Luis]
Get that.
[Armando] Well, I mean,
she just wants to talk to you.
[Luis]
She's your daughter.
Hola, chiquita.
[speaking Spanish]
[Armando continues speaking
Spanish]
- [inhales sharply]
- [speaking Spanish]
[Luis]
Hello.
[Armando]
That was my daughter.
My wife told her no
about something,
and she knows that I have
no pull with the boss, so...
[sizzling]
So, Elvio, he's your son?
Hermanito.
Uh, it--
uh, he's my little brother.
Okay. So, your whole family
works the patch?
Everybody's whole family
works the patch.
[Luis laughing]
Hey.
My uncle was in prison
for ten years.
- Really?
- [laughs]
Dude, the o-- the only way
for a felon to make six figures
is to steal it
or work the patch.
I tried to steal it, and
I ended up right where he was.
[laughs]
You know what, though?
It's better
you work for it real hard.
You know? That way,
nobody can take it away.
I can see that.
Like, Elvio, he's smart,
you know? Real smart.
He skipped prison
and went straight to the patch.
Owns his home.
Got his truck paid off.
Wife don't work.
I mean, how many 24-year-olds
can say that?
- Not very many.
Oh, yeah, the meat's ready.
- [speaking Spanish]
- [Luis] Okay, I got to go, baby.
That means, "Let's go eat."
Okay, okay.
Hey, bring my beer.
[man speaking Spanish
over radio]
Dig in, man.
How do you say that in Spanish?
[speaks Spanish]
[Luis]
Not really, but, uh,
that'll work.
Oh, man, that's good.
- Good, right?
- [Cooper] Mm-hmm.
[coughs, sharp inhale]
[clears throat, coughs]
[clears throat]
Holy shit, that's hot. [coughs]
[laughing]
[Luis]
You got a way to go, son.
[Elvio] That's not even
the hot one, bro.
[coughs] How is that
not the hot one?
[Elvio] It's not that bad, bro.
What'd you give him?
Dos tacos de verga.
- [laughter]
- [Luis] You okay, son?
- Yeah.
- [Elvio] Don't fucking die here.
- [laughter]
- [groans]
Holy shit.
Man, drink some beer, bro.
You good?
♪ tranquil music ♪
***
[Ainsley laughing]
- [Dakota whispering]
- [laughing]
[TV playing indistinctly]
[kissing continues]
All right, I'm turning in.
- Good night, Daddy.
- No, no. You're coming with me.
- What?
- [Tommy] That's right.
We're gonna have
an old-fashioned sleep-in,
like we used to
when you were nine.
I'm not sleeping in the same bed
as my father.
You sleep in the bed.
I'll sleep on the floor.
The part of the floor that's
directly in front of the door.
Uh, where's my room, Mr. Norris?
Oh, we put you
in the junior suite,
which is this
fucking couch here.
Sweet dreams. Come on, baby.
[TV playing indistinctly]
[Ainsley] You're not
preventing anything, Daddy.
Just postponing it.
You're just forcing the tension
to rise even further.
You know, there is no telling
what I'll let him do to me
when he finally has me alone.
You know, every now and then,
you say things
that harken back the other side
of your gene pool.
- Are you insulting Mama?
- Yeah, I am.
You don't think
we're gonna last, do you?
Did that sweatshirt
come with pants?
Like as a set?
I think that's just
for nursing homes.
I love him.
Honey, every romantic
relationship
you'll ever have
will be a failure,
except the last one.
Do you think this is
the last relationship
you're ever gonna have?
I want it to be.
Well, hell, we want
all of them to be.
Do you think it will be?
He can have anyone.
- Well, shit, you can, too.
- Daddy. [sighs]
By your logic, I should just
break up with him now
and spare myself the suffering
and just wait for the last one.
It don't work that way.
You got to love your way
through the failures.
You never know if you're in
the last one till you're in it.
Did you think Mama
was the last one?
[laughing] Shit, no.
Hell, honey, I was shocked
your mom and I lasted six weeks.
Well, why did it last so long?
Same as you.
I mean, as wrong as we were
for each other,
I-I loved her.
Couldn't keep
my damn hands off of her.
Shit, I still love her.
If she lost the power of speech,
I'd marry her again tomorrow.
I've never slept with him.
We've had sex just about
everywhere you can do it.
Honey...
I've never slept with him.
Like, I've...
Like, I've never fallen asleep
in his arms or...
like, woken up in them.
Daddy, if I promise
not to have sex,
can I just sleep with him
on the couch?
Please?
Just sleep?
- You promise?
- Mm-hmm.
I do. Mm-hmm.
That couch is a rental.
[laughs] Okay. Got it.
[chuckles]
Lord, where'd my nuts go?
How'd you pull this off?
- I made a promise.
- Mm, yeah? What's the promise.
Well, I can sleep with you,
but we can't have sex.
Can you make that promise?
Uh...
I'd rather not.
[laughs] Well, I know baby,
but can you make it?
Mm.
Can we, can we dry hump?
You can hold me.
Okay, well,
let's talk about this.
I mean, you promised no sex.
Well, that...
that leaves out a lot.
♪ tense music ♪
***
[knock on door]
- Yeah?
- [door opens]
[crying]
♪ somber music ♪
What happened?
[sniffling]
Guess he's not the last one.
He don't know what he's missing.
Come on, babe.
[sniffling]
Come on, babe, lay down.
[crying]
Come here, honey. Come here.
[sniffles]
How come you're always right?
'Cause I spent all my life
being wrong.
I never forgot the lessons.
Thank you.
Honey.
Fuck Alabama.
Yeah. Fuck 'em.
♪ melancholy music ♪
***
[Elvio sighs]
- [metallic tapping]
- [Luis grunting]
[grunting continues]
Hey, the 18's too small.
Go to 24.
Cooper, go get
the 24-inch pipe wrench.
Which one is that?
The one that says "24."
Go!
[tapping resumes]
[Elvio] The one the size
of your arm. You'll see it.
[sighs, grunting]
[hissing]
- [grunts]
- You got it?
- I'm looking.
- [Armando] Hurry up!
- [Elvio] He's bringing the 24.
- I got this.
- [Armando] What is he doing?
- [Luis] Okay, here we go.
♪ tense, suspenseful music ♪
***
I got it.
[Armando]
He's bringing the 24.
[grunting]
Okay, that's what
it should've been.
Oh, yeah. Here we come.
[grunts]
Whoa!
[flames roaring]
♪ somber music ♪
***